of course I maintain I got this right
all right I'm company mop it down hold
it I'm gonna Oh God
oh look at this hey mom yo can you guys
move this truck so I can get in I would
but I'm not suppose
you can do it it is in my screen but on
the go go go
alright everybody jump off on 3 ready 1
2 3 jump jump jump merica
I gotta go
alright cuz I ate a tuna burrito and
then a froze I parachute from the sky no
I find that I'm at the bottom I'm sure
you drop it on here address as matter
I'm the king of the hill you fucking get
over here
husky is whitey famous dude
yeah fatality get slam-dunked even even
from coming back from taking a shit my
lowest and why did you kill him